welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
possession
mark is a spy who returns home to west
berlin from a mysterious espionage
mission to find that his wife
anna wants the divorce she won't say why
but insists it's not because she found
someone else
mark reluctantly turns the apartment in
custody of their young son
bob over to her after recovering from a
destructive drinking spree
he visits the apartment to find bob
alone unkempt
and neglected when anna returns
he stays with bob refusing to leave her
alone with the child but attempts to
make amends
anna leaves in the middle of the night
mark receives a phone call from anna's
lover
heinrich telling him that anna is with
him
the next day mark meets bob's teacher
helen she inexplicably looks identical
to anna but with green eyes
mark visits and fights heinrich then
beats anna at home
after which she flees the next morning
they have another argument during which
they both cut themselves with an
electric
knife a private investigator hired by
mark
follows anna and discovers she's been
keeping a second flat in a derelict
apartment building
when he discovers a bizarre tentacled
creature in the bathroom
anna kills him with a broken bottle
zimmerman the lover of the now dead
detective
goes to the flat himself where he finds
the creature and his lover's body
anna beats zimmerman in a rage before
stealing his gun and shooting him to
death
meanwhile helen arrives at mark's
apartment to speak to him about his
son's strange behavior in school
she stays the evening to help take care
of bob before her and mark get into bed
together naked
when bob awakens from a violent
nightmare during the night
helen leaves anna continues her erratic
behavior and upon arriving to the
apartment one day
recounts to mark a violent miscarriage
she suffered in the subway while he was
gone
she claims it resulted in a nervous
breakdown
during the miscarriage she oozed blood
and fluids from her orifices
heinrich visits anna and discovers the
creature as well as a collection of
dismembered body parts in her
refrigerator
she attacks him and heinrich flees
bleeding
heinrich calls mark and begs him to pick
him up
mark stops by anna's apartment first and
discovers the body parts
the creature however is gone
mark goes to the bar where he knocks
heinrich out with a cistern lid and
drowns him in a toilet
staging it as an accidental death
he then lights anna's apartment on fire
before fleeing on heinrich's motorcycle
at home he finds anna's friend margie
bleeding heavily in the elevator
he drags her into his apartment and
leaves her to die in the bathroom
anna greets him and the two have sex in
the kitchen before she leaves again
afterward he makes plans to cover up
margie's death and heights or corpse in
the trunk of his car
that evening mark receives a phone call
from heinrich's mother
asking for details about her son
he promises to visit her after he finds
anna
before his search mark drops bob off at
helen's apartment
mark's search leads him to margie's
house where he discovers
anna having sex with the creature which
is beginning to take a human form
mark quickly leaves and goes to meet
with heinrich's mother
after the two speak for a short while
and his mother confirms that heinrich
is dead she commits suicide by poisoning
herself
the next day as mark wanders the street
he meets up with his former business
associates
he is evasive and returns to margie's
house to find it surrounded by police
and his former employers
he stages a distraction by crashing a
taxi into the cars parked outside the
house
allowing someone possibly anna to sneak
away in his car
mark is shot and wounded by police as he
flees
as he drives away on a motorcycle mark
crashes and
injures himself further before racing
into a building where he is pursued by
anna
the police and his business associates
anna reveals the creature now fully
formed as mark's doppelganger but with
green eyes
mark raises his gun to shoot it but he
and anna are gunned down by a hail of
bullets from the police below
bloodied and dying analyze a top mark
and uses his gun to shoot herself
she dies in his arms and he jumps to his
death from the stairwell
the doppelganger flees through the roof
later helen is at the flat babysitting
bob when the doorbell rings
bob implores her not to open the door
but helen ignores him and approaches the
door
bob races through the apartment into the
bathroom
where he jumps into the filled bathtub
and floats face down in the water
helen stands at the front door of the
apartment
from outside the sound of sirens planes
and explosions fill the air the
silhouette of mark's doppelganger is
seen behind the frosted glass door
helen stares onwards and her green eyes
begin to illuminate
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos